# Baldock-et-al_ReddCountsSuperimposition_2022
Data repository for manuscript entitled "Redd superimposition mediates the accuracy, precision, and significance of redd counts for cutthroat trout". Submitted to Canadian Journal of Fisheries and Aquatic Sciences, 2022. This study was funded by the Wyoming Game and Fish Department and the Jackson Hole One Fly Foundation. These data are a product of the Wyoming Cooperative Fish and Wildlife Research Unit, University of Wyoming, Laramie, Wyoming. Primary Contact: Jeff Baldock, jbaldock@uwyo.edu Data collected by Jeff Baldock et al. between May 2019 and September 2021. Below is a description of each data set and the variables included therein.

"CluDet_FID_data.xlsx" - Data used in teh cluster detection and false identification models of Chapter 1. Obs = observer name. Sect = stream section ID. Cen = census (true) cluster count. CluDet = number of true clusters detected. FalseID = number of false identifications committed. Dist = stream section distance (m). PropCover = proportion of clusters under cover. PropAgeCat2 = proportion of clusters less than or equal to age-2. MeanCluSize = average cluster size (square meters). MeanAgeDays = average cluster age (days).

"RPC_data.xlsx" - Data used in the redds-per-cluster mode of Chapter 1. Stream = focal stream. Date = survey date. CluID = unique redd cluster ID. Observer = WGFD observer name. Actual = true number of redds per cluster. Habitat = binary describing if detected cluster is a habitat feature (1) or not (0). Section = stream section ID. Sup = binary describing whether the redd cluster is superimposed (actual > 1, 1) or not (actual = 1, 0). PrSup = average proportional superimposition of redds within the cluster (0-10). AgeCat = minimum categorical redd age. AgeDays = minimum redd age in days. Cover = binary describing if cluster is under cover (1) or not (0). Det = binary describing whether cluster was detected (1) or not (0). Min = minimum number of redds assigned per cluster. Max = maximum number of redds assigned per cluster. ClSize = cluster size in square meters. ActBin = binary describing whether the cluster contains a true redd (1) or not (0).

"NetError_Data.xlsx" - data used in the net error model of Chapter 1. Stream = focal stream. Date = survey date. Section = stream section ID. Dist = stream section distance (m). Observer = WGFD observer name. Redds = census number of true redds per section. Min = minimum number of redds observed per section. Max = maximum number of redds observed per section. Avg = average of min and max. Act100 = census number of true redds per 100 m of stream. Obs100 = observed number of redds per 100 m of stream.

"ReddCount_RAW_data.csv" - raw UW redd count survey data. history = "new" if not previously surveyed, "repeat" if previously surveyed. type = "true" if true redds, "test" if test dig. sup = binary describing superimposed or not. propsup = proportional superimposition. fish = fish observed on redd or not. age = categorical redd age. PL = pot length (cm). PW = pot width (cm). TL = tailspill length (cm). TW1 = tailspill width upstream (cm). TW2 = tailspill width downstream (cm). all other variables are self explanatory.

"LowerBarBC_MigrationTiming_data.csv" - raw lower bar bc weir data used in the migration timing model (see supplementary materials). year = year. doy = day of year. esc = total daily catch. males = total daily male catch. females = total daily female catch. unk = total daily catch unknown sex. yrid = unique year identifier.
